Document  volume.kubernetes.io/selected-node annotation (#36399)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

This annotation will be added to dynamic provisioning required PVC.

### volume.kubernetes.io/selected-node

Used on: PersistentVolumeClaim

> This annotation is added to a PVC that has been triggered by scheduler toe dynamically provisioned. Its value is the name of the selected node.

Reviewer: toe -> to be?

Author: good catch! thanks 😉

### pv.kubernetes.io/bind-completed
Example: pv.kubernetes.io/bind-completed "true"

Used on: PersistentVolumeClaim

> The value for this annotation must be true to take effect. This annotation indicates that {{< glossary_tooltip text="PersistentVolume" term_id="persistent-volume" >}} attached to the pods must be bound and status is completed.

Reviewer: This annotation indicates that PersistentVolumeClaim was successfully bound to a PersistentVolume? Persistent volumes are not attached to Pods.

> The value for this annotation must be true to take effect. This annotation indicates that {{< glossary_tooltip text="PersistentVolume" term_id="persistent-volume" >}} attached to the pods must be bound and status is completed.

Reviewer: And use:
```
`true`
```

Reviewer 2: IIRC our style guide is happy with a plain “true” here.

### pv.kubernetes.io/bound-by-controller
Example: `pv.kubernetes.io/bound-by-controller: "true"`

Used on: PersistentVolume or PersistentVolumeClaim

> Value can either be `true` or `false`.
> This annotation applies to PVs and PVCs. It indicates that the binding (PV->PVC or PVC->PV) was installed by the controller. The absence of this annotation means the binding was done by the user (i.e. pre-bound). Value of this annotation does not matter. External PV binders must bind PV the same way as PV controller, otherwise PV controller may not handle it correctly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This annotation applies to {{< glossary_tooltip text="PersistentVolumes" term_id="persistent-volume" >}}
(PVs) and {{< glossary_tooltip text="PersistentVolumeClaims" id="persistent-volume-claim" >}} (PVCs).
When this annotation is present, that indicates that thWhee binding (either PV→PVC or PVC→PV) was installed
by the control plane, or by a third-party storage controller. When this annotation is not present,
that means the binding was done manually.
The actual value of this annotation does not matter.
```

### pv.kubernetes.io/provisioned-by
Example: `pv.kubernetes.io/provisioned-by: "flexVolume"`

Used on: PersistentVolume

> This annotation is added to a PV that has been dynamically provisioned by Kubernetes. Its value is name of volume plugin that created the volume. It serves both user (to show where a PV comes from) and Kubernetes (to recognize dynamically provisioned PVs in its decisions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This annotation is added to a {{< glossary_tooltip text="PersistentVolume" term_id="persistent-volume" >}}
(PVs) that has been dynamically provisioned by Kubernetes. Its value is the name of volume plugin that
created the volume. It serves both users (to show where a PV has come from) and Kubernetes itself
(so that the control plane can identity PVs that were dynamically provisioned).
```

The label's value is in the format "MajorVersion.MinorVersion.BuildNumber".

### "storage.alpha.kubernetes.io/migrated-plugins"

> Example: `"storage.alpha.kubernetes.io/migrated-plugins": kubernetes.io/gce-pd

Reviewer: missing ` at the end

Used on: CSINode

> This annotation is used by the Attach Detach Controller to determine whether to use the in-tree or CSI Backend for a volume plugin on a specific node. They key is set for CSINode objects, that is a comma-separated list of in-tree plugins that will be serviced by the CSI backend on the Node represented by CSINode.

Reviewer: CSI Backend -> CSI Drivers ?

When a single IngressClass resource has this annotation set to `"true"`, new Ingress resource without a class specified will be assigned this default class.

### ingress.kubernetes.io/whitelist-source-range

Example: `ingress.kubernetes.io/whitelist-source-range: "10.0.0.0/24,172.10.0.1"`

Used on: Ingress

The value is a comma separated list of CIDRs. The allowed client IP source ranges can be specified through the annotation.

> 

Reviewer 3: Also add note as Adding an annotation to an Ingress rule overrides any global restriction
